- “Offering Period” means a period of time specified by the Administrator, consistent with Section 423 of the Code, beginning on the Offer Date and ending on the Acquisition Date. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, each Offering Period shall be a period of three (3) calendar months commencing on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 of each calendar year during the Term of the Plan. The first Offering Period under the Plan shall commence as of July 1, 2021.
- Enrollment. An eligible Employee may become a Participant in the Plan by completing an enrollment election form and any other required enrollment documents provided by the Administrator or its designee and submitting them to the Administrator or its designee prior to the commencement of an Offering Period in accordance with the rules established by the Administrator. The enrollment documents, which may, in the discretion of the Administrator, be in electronic form, shall set forth the amount of the Participant’s Compensation in whole dollars, which may not exceed $5,000 per Offering Period (or such other amount as may be prescribed by the Administrator from time to time) or forty percent (40%) of Participant’s Compensation per Offering Period (or such other percentage as may be prescribed by the Administrator from time to time), to be paid as Contributions pursuant to the Plan. An Employee’s payroll enrollment election shall become effective on an Offer Date in accordance with the rules established by the Administrator. Amounts deducted from a Participant’s Compensation pursuant to this Article V shall be credited to the Participant’s Plan account. No interest shall be payable on the amounts credited to the Participant’s Plan account. After an eligible Employee has become a Participant in the Plan for an Offering Period, the Participant’s payroll authorization for that Offering Period shall continue in force and effect for that Offering Period, unless the Participant withdraws from the Plan or the Administrator permits any such change during the Offering Period and the Participant changes such election in accordance with the procedures established by the Administrator.